update Observability tech references (#12098)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/01-overview/main-areas/observability/obsv-10-useful-links.md

- Check out the different ways to [access the logs](../../../04-operation-guides/operations/obsv-01-access-logs.md) provided by Kubernetes and Loki.

- See how to [access and expose](../../../04-operation-guides/operations/obsv-02-access-expose-kiali-grafana.md) the services Grafana, Jaeger, and Kiali.

- Find out what to do when the [Prometheus Istio Server keeps crashing](../../../04-operation-guides/troubleshooting/obsv-01-troubleshoot-prometheus-istio-server-crash-oom.md) or when [Jaeger shows fewer traces than expected](../../../04-operation-guides/troubleshooting/obsv-02-troubleshoot-jaeger-shows-few-traces.md).

- Understand the architecture of Kyma's [monitoring](../../../05-technical-reference/00-architecture/obsv-01-architecture-monitoring.md docs/05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/obsv-01-configpara-monitoring.md), [logging](../../../05-technical-reference/00-architecture/obsv-02-architecture-logging.md), and [tracing](../../../05-technical-reference/00-architecture/obsv-03-architecture-tracing.md) components.

> - Find the [configuration parameters for Monitoring, Logging, Tracing, and [Kiali](../../../05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/obsv-01-configpara-observability.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find the [configuration parameters for Monitoring, Logging, Tracing, and Kiali](../../../05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/obsv-01-configpara-observability.md).
```
Ah, missed one bracket. Sorry...

> - Find the configuration parameters for [Monitoring](../../../05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/obsv-01-configpara-monitoring.md), [Logging](../../../05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/obsv-02-configpara-logging.md), [Tracing](../../../05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/obsv-03-configpara-tracing.md), and [Kiali](../../../05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/obsv-04-configpara-kiali.md).

Reviewer: These documents do not exist anymore. I assume this is what you meant when you wrote in a DM that you decided to get rid of the table and just link to the charts? 

```suggestion
- Find the [configuration parameters for Monitoring, Logging, Tracing, and [Kiali](../../../05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/obsv-01-configpara-observability.md).
```
Or link directly to the charts, but I think the additional information on what to do with them that's included in the linked document is also valuable, so I'd use the link to the document.

Author: *facepalm* yep the consolidation into 1 doc happened after I had adjusted these links. Thanks for spotting!
